{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc3\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc3\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid702\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11680\viewh10080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Aqua Proxy\
Version 2025.07.14
\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs56 \cf0 \
Introduction
\b0\fs24 \
\
Old versions of Mac OS X have trouble talking to the modern internet. Aqua Proxy can help.\
\
Aqua Proxy is a type of software typically referred to as a "Man-in-the-Middle Proxy Server". It sits between you and the internet, capturing all of your computer's traffic and modifying it to be compatible with modern servers before sending it on its way. Aqua Proxy won't fix everything, but it will fix a lot of little things. For example, Aqua Proxy can fix problems with:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Viewing remote images in the Mail app.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Subscribing to calendars in the Calendar app.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Playing live streams in QuickTime.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Loading Help Center pages in various apps.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Reading Wikipedia in the Dictionary app. (OS X 10.7+)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Aqua Proxy runs locally on your computer so that no unencrypted data leaves your network, and can be installed on Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard \'96 Mac OS X 10.11 El Capitan.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs56 \cf0 \
Instructions
\b0\fs24 \
\
First, install the package. This will install Aqua Proxy and add the requisite certificates to Keychain Access. Afterwards:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 In 
\b System Preferences
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  
\b Network
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  [Your Active Connection] 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  
\b Advanced
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  
\b Proxies
\b0 :\
\pard\tx219\tx720\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li719\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	A.	}Enable the checkbox for 
\b Secure Web Proxy (HTTPS)
\b0 .\
\pard\tx219\tx720\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li719\fi-720\sl216\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	B.	}Under 
\b Secure Web Proxy Server
\b0 , enter 
\b localhost
\b0  and 
\b 6531
\b0 .\
{\listtext	C.	}Click 
\b OK
\b0 , then 
\b Apply
\b0 .\
\
\pard\tx219\tx720\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi-1\sl216\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 If you regularly use more than one network connection (for example, an Ethernet and a Wi-Fi connection), you should enable the proxy on all of those connections.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs56 \cf0 \
Tips and Tricks
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 \
Firefox
\b0\fs24 \
\
Firefox should work fine without a proxy. Users of Firefox-based browsers may want to change the following in their browser's preferences:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Click the button next to 
\b Network Settings
\b0 .\
{\listtext	2.	}Under 
\b Configure Proxy Access to the Internet
\b0  select 
\i\b No Proxy
\i0\b0  and click 
\b OK
\b0 .\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 \
Email
\fs36 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
Aqua Proxy supports the IMAP and SMTP protocols for receiving and sending email, but your computer will not send this type of traffic through Aqua Proxy by default. If your email provider supports IMAP but it isn't working in Apple Mail, try setting it up to use Aqua Proxy:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In 
\b System Preferences
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  
\b Internet Accounts
\b0 , click 
\b Add Other Account...\
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	2.	}
\b Add a Mail account
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  
\b Create...
\b0 \
{\listtext	3.	}Follow your email provider's standard IMAP setup instructions, 
\i except
\i0  substitute the following where prompted:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Incoming Mail Server Info\ulnone :\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Mail Server: localhost\
User Name: 
\b [your email] 
\b0 @ 
\b [IMAP server address]\
	
\b0 For example: 
\i bsmith@compuserve.com@imap.cs.com
\i0 \
Port: 6532\
Disable "Use SSL"\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\ul Outgoing Mail Server Info\ulnone :\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\pardirnatural
\cf0 SMTP Server: localhost\
User Name: 
\b [your email]
\b0  @ 
\b [SMTP server address]\
	
\b0 For example: 
\i bsmith@compuserve.com@smtp.cs.com
\i0 \
Port: 6533\
Disable "Use SSL"\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Your username will contain two "@" symbols! This tells Aqua Proxy to connect your email address (the first part) to the real email server (second part).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \
Example
\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
John Appleseed's email address is johnappleseed@icloud.com. iCloud's IMAP server is imap.mail.me.com, and its SMTP server is smtp.mail.me.com. Therefore, John Appleseed needs to enter:\
\
\ul Incoming Mail Server Info\ulnone :\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Mail Server: localhost
\b \

\b0 User Name: johnappleseed@icloud.com@imap.mail.me.com
\b \

\b0 Port: 6532\
Disable "Use SSL"\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul Outgoing Mail Server Info\ulnone :\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\pardirnatural
\cf0 SMTP Server: localhost\
User Name: johnappleseed@icloud.com@smtp.mail.me.com\
Port: 6533\
Disable "Use SSL"\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Because John Appleseed is using iCloud specifically, he also needs to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://support.apple.com/kb/HT204397"}}{\fldrslt generate an app-specific password}} to use in leu of his normal password. iCloud accounts can be added to System Preferences the normal way (with a real password and verification code) in order to sync Contacts and Calendars, but must also be added as a separate "Mail Account" in order to use email.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \
Addendum: Gmail
\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
As of July 2025, Gmail still works fine in old versions of OS X with or without Aqua Proxy installed. However, it can be slightly confusing to set up.\
\
First, go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://myaccount.google.com/security"}}{\fldrslt myaccount.google.com/security}}, select the "app passwords" option, and follow the instructions to create an app password. If you don't see an option for "app passwords", you 
\i must
\i0  turn on "2-Step Verification" to make it appear. Unfortunately, there is no way to avoid turning on 2-Step Verification.\
\
Next, open 
\b System Preferences
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  
\b Internet Accounts
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  
\b Google
\b0  and follow the instructions, except enter your previously-generated app password in place of your real password. 
\b In most cases, your Google Account will now work with OS X. If it does, you can stop here!
\b0 \
\
If you are unlucky and were not able to add your Google account the normal way, use this alternate method:\
\
\ul Email\ulnone :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Select "Add Other Account..." (instead of selecting "Google")\
{\listtext	2.	}Select "Add a Mail account"\
{\listtext	3.	}Enter your full email address and app password in the associated text boxes.\
{\listtext	4.	}When asked which services to enable, deselect everything except for email.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\ul Calendar\ulnone :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Select "Add Other Account..." (instead of selecting "Google")\
{\listtext	2.	}Select "Add a CalDAV account"\
{\listtext	3.	}Set "Account Type" to "Manual"\
{\listtext	4.	}Set the 
\b server address
\b0  to 
\b apidata.googleusercontent.com\
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	5.	}Enter your full user name and app password in the associated text boxes.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 \
Twitter / BlueSky
\b0\fs24 \
\
You can use Aqua Proxy to log into your BlueSky account as if it was a Twitter account!\
\
First, in BlueSky, go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bsky.app/settings/app-passwords"}}{\fldrslt Settings 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  Privacy and security 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  App passwords}} 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  and add a new app password.\
\
Then, on your Mac, log in with your full BlueSky handle as the username (e.g. @johnappleseed@bsky.social) and your previously-generated app password as the password.\
\
This will work in System Preferences as well as in the official Twitter app for Mac, version 2.1.1 or earlier. To be clear, you will be using the Twitter 
\i app
\i0  to log into and use your 
\i BlueSky
\i0  account.\
\
Thank you to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://preloading.dev/"}}{\fldrslt Preloading}} for making this possible by building and hosting {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twb.preloading.dev/"}}{\fldrslt TwitterAPIBridge}}!\

\b\fs56 \
Frequently Asked Questions
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Question:
\b0  Exactly what problems will this proxy fix?\
\

\b Answer
\b0 : It's difficult to provide a complete list, as it depends on your OS and what software and online services you use. If you see the error 
\b CFNetwork SSLHandshake failed (-9824)
\b0  in the Console app when things fail to load, that's a problem AquaProxy will fix. If you're using Mac OS X 10.11 or older, you probably want to install this proxy. Note that at this time AquaProxy will 
\i not
\i0  fix any problems with Apple Maps or FaceTime.\
\
\

\b Question
\b0 : Can I use this proxy to browse the web in old versions of Safari?\
\

\b Answer
\b0 : Yes, but please don't! Using an ancient operating system 
\i and
\i0  an ancient web browser at the same time is a good way to get hacked. Using one or the other is mostly okay for most people, but don't use both. If you are running OS X 10.8 or newer, consider using Firefox Dynasty. If you are using OS X 10.6 or 10.7, consider using InterWeb.\
\
\

\b Question
\b0 : Instead of installing your package, I used a tool such as Pacifist to extract its contents and copied everything to my computer manually. Why isn't anything working?\
\

\b Answer
\b0 : Certain files are generated by the installer at runtime. If you really don't want to run the installer, take a look at the installer's postflight scripts.
\b\fs56 \
\
Credits
\b0\fs24 \
\
A huge thank you to Krackers for contributing code, reviewing my code, reverse engineering the Dictionary app, and just generally entertaining all of my inane ideas and mistakes. His immense patience and technical knowledge has been invaluable.\
\
Thank you to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.macports.org/"}}{\fldrslt MacPorts project}} and its contributors for the numerous legacy support libraries, patches, and toolchains which make it possible to run modern Go code on old versions of Mac OS X.\
\
As stated above, thank you to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://preloading.dev/"}}{\fldrslt Preloading}} for the Twitter API Bridge.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs56 \cf0 \
For Advanced Users
\fs48 \

\fs40 \
URL Redirects\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
The file 
\b /Library/AquaProxy/redirects.txt
\b0  contains pairs of URLs redirects separated by blank lines. For example:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\pardirnatural
\cf0 https://api.twitter.com/\
https://twitterbridge.loganserver.net/\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
This tells AquaProxy "send any traffic addressed addressed to 
\b api.twitter.com
\b0  to 
\b twitterbridge.loganserver.net
\b0  instead."\
\
To create your own redirects, add additional pairs of URLs to this file. AquaProxy will restart automatically whenever the the file is modified.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 \
Flags
\b0\fs24 \
\
Add any of the below flags to /Library/AquaProxy/flags.txt to change how the proxy operates:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}--force-mitm\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls8\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}By default, AquaProxy will not modify traffic from apps that already support modern internet protocols.\'86 This flag tells AquaProxy to decrypt and re-encrypt (or "mitm") all traffic regardless.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}--log-urls\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls8\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Print every URL an app tries to access to the console. For technical reasons, only applies to mitm'd traffic; consider combining with the `--force-mitm` flag.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}--allow-remote-connections\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls8\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}By default, AquaProxy will only accept connections from localhost. This flag tells AquaProxy to allow connections from any computer on your network.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}This may be useful if you have a second Mac which is too old to even run AquaProxy. Complete instructions will be left as an exercise to the reader; however, you will need to enter the IP address of your first Mac in the proxy settings of your second Mac, and install the AquaProxy-cert.pem certificate on your second Mac.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
If adding multiple flags, put each flag on a separate line. AquaProxy will restart automatically whenever redirects.txt is modified.\
\
\'86\'a0Except where needed to support URL redirects.}